DOC-3184: Broken link in CE 4.5 release notes (#391)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/release-notes-enterprise.md

### Other improvements

* All database columns containing datestamps have been standardised to use UTC (the time zone used was previously inconsistent).

> * The HSM name used in the HA Utilities `--bridge-hsm-name` and `--float-hsm-name` command-line parameters should now exactly match `cryptoServiceName`, as described [here](../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/cryptoservice-configuration.html).

Reviewer: The .md is fine (not a link to a header). The file is in a different folder:
```suggestion
* The HSM name used in the HA Utilities `--bridge-hsm-name` and `--float-hsm-name` command-line parameters should now exactly match `cryptoServiceName`, as described [here](../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/node/operating/cryptoservice-configuration.md).
```
